com/example/videonotesph1/Note.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.Note
com/example/videonotesph1/RecommendAdapter.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.RecommendAdapter
 com.example.videonotesph1.RecommendAdapter$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.RecommendAdapter$1$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.RecommendAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/videonotesph1/YoutubeDataModel.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.YoutubeDataModel
 com.example.videonotesph1.YoutubeDataModel$1
com/example/videonotesph1/HomeScreenGridLayout.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeScreenGridLayout
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeScreenGridLayout$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeScreenGridLayout$2
com/example/videonotesph1/dao.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.dao
com/example/videonotesph1/LockableScrollView.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.LockableScrollView
com/example/videonotesph1/timerAdapter.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.timerAdapter
 com.example.videonotesph1.timerAdapter$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.timerAdapter$1$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.timerAdapter$1$2
 com.example.videonotesph1.timerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/videonotesph1/ThumbnailDao.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.ThumbnailDao
com/example/videonotesph1/Canvas_videoplayer_activity.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$2
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$3
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$4
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$5
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$6
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$7
 com.example.videonotesph1.Canvas_videoplayer_activity$8
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/recordsModel.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.recordsModel
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/ActivityHomeScreenGridLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.ActivityHomeScreenGridLayoutBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.BuildConfig
com/example/videonotesph1/HomeModel.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeModel
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/TiminglistBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.TiminglistBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/RecordsDatabase.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.RecordsDatabase
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/RecommenditemBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.RecommenditemBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/HomescreenUiBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.HomescreenUiBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/ActivityCanvasVideoplayerActivityBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.ActivityCanvasVideoplayerActivityBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/GithubTypeConverters.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.GithubTypeConverters
 com.example.videonotesph1.GithubTypeConverters$1
com/example/videonotesph1/searchResultsAdapter.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.searchResultsAdapter
 com.example.videonotesph1.searchResultsAdapter$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.searchResultsAdapter$1$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.searchResultsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/videonotesph1/Thumbnail.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.Thumbnail
com/example/videonotesph1/HomeScreenAdapter.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeScreenAdapter
 com.example.videonotesph1.HomeScreenAdapter$1
com/example/videonotesph1/MainActivity.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.MainActivity
 com.example.videonotesph1.MainActivity$1
 com.example.videonotesph1.MainActivity$2
 com.example.videonotesph1.MainActivity$RequestYoutubeAPI
 com.example.videonotesph1.MainActivity$RequestYoutubeAPI$1
com/example/videonotesph1/timeModel.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.timeModel
com/example/videonotesph1/databinding/SearchitemBinding.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.databinding.SearchitemBinding
com/example/videonotesph1/Youtubeconfig.java
 com.example.videonotesph1.Youtubeconfig
